# Welcome to the Mosqlimate API documentation
The Mosqlimate API is focused on providing automatable  access to both Data and 
Forecasting models for arbovirus diseases. 

## Data 
The Data access part of it, also called [datastore](https://api.mosqlimate.org/docs/datastore/),
gives access to Disease notification data, relevant climate time series, such as
temperature and precipitation, and Mosquito abundance data. The *geographical
scope* of the API is Brazil, at the level of municipality.

## Models
The model part of the API, is called [Model  Registry](https://api.mosqlimate.org/docs/registry/),
and it allows registered users to upload metadata about open-source forecasting
models that use Mosqlimate data. To register a model, an user needs to:

 - Have an account on the platform; 
 - Have the code of her model in a GitHub repository.


## Predictions
Another kind of information that can be uploaded here, are the
forecasts generated by the models. The Forecasts uploaded are used to populate
our forecast dashboard, where the models can be visually compared in their
ability to forecast dengue and other mosquito-borne diseases.

## Usage
Detailed usage instructions with code examples can be found in the specific
documentation of each of the API endpoint. For uploading  models and predictions into the platform, an account is required. 
We encourage all users to register anyway
so that we have an idea of who is using the platform, and target our development efforts to the needs of this community of practice.
